An applicator for a cosmetic product comprising a gripping member , a support secured to the gripping member, a rod , means for mounting the rod on the support, and a member for applying the cosmetic product borne by the rod. The support includes a guiding finger extending along a longitudinal direction from the gripping member. The rod defines an internal housing adapted for receiving the guiding finger in a mounted configuration of the applicator, the mounting means being adapted so that the rod is freely movable in rotation relatively to the guiding finger around the longitudinal direction in the mounted configuration. An assembly including the applicator and a reservoir intended for the cosmetic product.
Ce dispositif applicateur destiné à appliquer un trait d'un produit cosmétique sur une paupière, ce dispositif comprenant : - un élément applicateur de produit cosmétique ; - un organe de support d'une roulette de guidage , l'élément applicateur et la roulette de guidage présentant entre eux, suivant un axe de rotation de la roulette de guidage , un écartement compris entre 0.5 et 10 mm, de préférence compris entre 1.5 et 6 mm.
The invention concerns an applicator for applying a product to the nails or to the skin, comprising: -a gripping portion , -a rod extending from the gripping portion along a longitudinal axis X-X, and -an application member secured in a housing at the free end of the rod . According to the invention, the rod of the applicator has, moving along axis XX, a series of non-circular transverse sections that are angularly offset with respect to one another about said axis X-X in such a way as to form a helical pattern.
Applicator to apply a product to the lashes and/or the eyebrows, including: - a stem , - a body of application fixed at an end of the stem, including: - a body having a distal end , - barbs being connected to the body, barbs not having all the same length , the barbs longest being among three closer to the distal end of the body of application.
Applicator for the application of a product on the skin of the eyebrows, comprising - a stem , - a body of application fixed at an end of the stem , including: - a body having a longitudinal axis , - between one and five barbs extending starting from a side surface from the body , these barbs [being] floques and forming an angle not no one with the longitudinal axis of the body .
The present invention concerns an applicator for applying a cosmetic make-up or cosmetic care product to the eyelashes and/or the eyebrows, said applicator comprising a rod and an application member at one end of the rod , the application member being produced by moulding a material and comprising a non-twisted core extending along a longitudinal axis and application elements carried by the core and arranged in a plurality of helical rows about the longitudinal axis of the core , the application member having at least one helical strip extending over more than half a revolution about the longitudinal axis of the core , which strip is free of application elements and delimited by two consecutive helical rows of application elements extending parallel to each other, the gap between said two consecutive helical rows of application elements being greater than the average gap between the application elements within said helical rows .
The invention concerns an applicator for applying a product , comprising a rod and an application member secured to one end of the rod comprising: - a body with a longitudinal axis , the applicator being designed for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, the application member comprising pins connected to the body, the pins being of different lengths and the longest pin or pins being among the three closest the distal end of the application member, or the application member being designed for applying product to the skin of the eyebrows, the application member comprising between one and five pins extending from a lateral surface of the body , these pins being flocked and forming an angle which is not zero with the longitudinal axis of the body .
The invention relates to an applicator for applying a product to eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising an application body produced by material moulding, said application body comprising: a core extending along a longitudinal axis; and spikes carried by the core, having a convex polygonal cross-section with at least six sides, two opposite sides of which are oriented substantially perpendicularly to the longitudinal axis of the core.
The invention concerns an applicator for applying a product to the eyebrows, comprising: a rod , an application member secured to one end of the rod, comprising: - a body with a free end and having an application face with a portion of which the width decreases towards the free end, - pins projecting from the application face , at least some of said pins being connected to the portion of decreasing width, with a series of at least three pins in the direction of the width of the application face and a series of at least three pins in the direction of the length thereof.
Method for producing a shading on the hair, comprising the stage consisting in: subjecting an amount of a composition capable of exhibiting a variation in its hair dyeing or bleaching power under the effect of a chemical and/or energy stimulus to the said stimulus, so as to obtain at least two fractions of the said amount each having a hair dyeing or bleaching power distinct from that of the other fraction, the composition being subjected to the stimulus before or after it is brought into contact with the hair and the composition producing, after exposure to the said stimulus and being brought into contact with the hair, a shaded dyeing or bleaching.
The invention concerns an applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising a moulded application member which comprises: a core with a longitudinal axis ; teeth each extending outwards from the core in the direction of a free end of the tooth; at least one tooth , preferably a row of teeth, particularly preferably all the teeth, having, in elevation, a dissymmetrical shape and a convex edge , the tooth or teeth tapering both over at least part of the height thereof upwards and towards the convex edge .
Applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising a moulded applicator member comprising: - a core that has a longitudinal axis , and a set of applicator elements extending outwardly from the core , comprising: • longitudinal rows of teeth having a flattened cross section, • one or more longitudinal rows of spikes disposed in the circumferential direction between at least two consecutive rows of teeth, the spikes having a base that is less wide than the greatest width of the teeth, the spikes of the different rows of spikes being aligned circumferentially so as to form a plurality of crowns of spikes, the crowns of spikes each being offset axially relative to the teeth such that the crowns of spikes alternate longitudinally with the teeth in each of the rows of teeth along at least half the visible length Lmax of the applicator member .
The invention concerns an applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising a moulded application member , comprising: a core with a longitudinal axis , a plurality of longitudinal rows of teeth with a flattened cross-section, distributed about the core and each extending along the longitudinal axis of the core , each of the rows comprising consecutive teeth staggered along the core and partially superposed at their base in elevation, the teeth in elevation having a dissymmetrical shape with a convex edge .
Applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, having a moulded applicator member comprising: - a core having a longitudinal axis X, - a plurality of applicator elements extending outwardly from the core , the applicator elements each having at least two adjacent notches that are open in a direction away from the core and do not adjoin one another.
The invention has as an aim a cosmetic applicator including: - a body of gripping extending according to a longitudinal axis , - a body of application mobile in rotation around an axis , - a brake on which the user can act to immobilize body of application, the angle between the axis of rotation of the body of application and the longitudinal axis of the body of gripping being understood 30 DEG and 150 DEG, preferably between 60 DEG and 120 DEG.
The present invention relates to an applicator for applying a cosmetic, makeup or care, product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, having: -a stem , and -an applicator member at one end of the stem , the applicator member being produced by material moulding and having: -a core that extends along a longitudinal axis , and -applicator elements that are carried by the core and extend around the latter, the core having at least one groove, better still a plurality of grooves, oriented transversely, in particular perpendicularly or obliquely, with respect to the longitudinal axis of the core.
The present invention relates to an applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, having a moulded applicator member , this applicator member having: -a core that extends along a longitudinal axis , and teeth that narrow in front view in the direction of their free end and have at least one edge having a point of inflection.
Applicator intended for the application of a cosmetic or dermatological product, the applicator having an application surface defined by a multilayer complex having, on its surface, a skin layer , preferably made of polyurethane, and, under said skin layer , an underlying support layer , preferably made of silicone elastomer.
A device for evaluating a product on application, comprises an application surface defined by a multilayer complex which has at least two application regions which differ in terms of their surface condition and/or their hardness, the multilayer complex comprising a skin layer and an underlying support layer made of elastomer, the device being arranged to allow the application of the product to said regions in a single action.
The present invention relates to a multi-compartment device or kit for dyeing keratinous fibres, in particular human keratinous fibres, such as the hair, comprising a first compartment including a dyeing composition comprising one or more oxidation dyes and one or more alkaline agents and a second compartment including a composition comprising one or more oxidizing agents; the said device also comprising one or more self-foaming agents having a boiling point of at least 1° C. present in at least one of the compositions and/or . The invention also relates to a ready-for-use self-foaming dyeing composition and to a method for dyeing keratinous fibres employing this composition. 
Brush for the application of a product on the lashes and/or the eyebrows, including: - a twisted heart extending on at least a portion its length with a longitudinal axis carrying out more than four changes of management in order to cross more than four times a line of centers , hairs carried by the heart .
This applicator comprises an application surface , the application surface having a central region and a peripheral contour line analogous to the contour of the lips of a human being. The central region and the peripheral line being intended to receive the cosmetic product. The peripheral line comprises preferred means for application of the cosmetic product on the lips of the user for applying, opposite the peripheral line , a surface mass of cosmetic product that is greater than the surface mass applied opposite the central region . 
The present invention relates to an application device comprising: • a container ; • an anhydrous liquid composition for making up and/or caring for the lips , stored in the container, comprising: a) at least one non-volatile oil; b) at least one film-forming agent; • an application member which has a porous application surface . It also relates to a process for making up and/or caring for the lips, wherein the abovementioned composition is applied to the lips.
Applicator for applying a cosmetic, makeup or care product to the skin, the lips or the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising: a stem , and an applicator member located at one end of the stem and comprising: a solid core extending along a longitudinal axis , formed with one or more protuberances and comprising one or more cavities , in particular through-cavities, and an envelope located on the core , carrying applicator elements and/or defining an application surface .
The present invention relates to an application device comprising: a container ; a composition for making up and/or caring for the lips , stored in the container, which is in the form of a liquid emulsion comprising: at least 8% by weight, relative to the total weight of the composition, of one or more non-volatile oils; at least one film-forming agent; at least 10% by weight of water relative to the total weight of the composition; an application member which has a porous application surface .It also relates to a process for making up and/or caring for the lips, wherein the above mentioned composition is applied to the lips.
Applicator for applying a cosmetic, makeup or care product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows, comprising: -a stem , and -an applicator member located at one end of the stem and comprising: -a perforated support extending along a longitudinal axis and carrying applicator elements , and -an applicator part over moulded on the perforated support .
This applicator comprises a first body , formed by a first molded part, which first body comprising a first primary row of projecting elements and a second primary row of projecting elements, the first primary row being angularly spaced apart from the second primary row with respect to an axis of the body . It comprises a second body comprising a first secondary row of projecting elements , arranged between the first primary row and the second primary row , with the second body being applied against the first body between the first primary row and the second primary row . The second body is made of a second molded part assembled on the first body after molding thereof. 
Applicator brush comprising: -a bundle of bristles, and -a moulded stem having an elongate cross section at least along a part of its length, the stem comprising a housing moulded in one piece with the stem, in which the bundle of bristles is fixed and which opens at a distal end of the stem through an opening having a cross section without axial symmetry about the longitudinal axis of the housing, at least one cross section of the housing as moulded, defining at least one dihedron which is open towards the inside and/or at least one dihedron which is open towards the outside of said housing.
Packaging device for a cosmetic article and associated method. The invention relates to a device for packaging a cosmetic article , comprising: - a base in which an internal storage compartment is formed, the internal storage compartment being intended to hold a cosmetic article; - a lid mounted movable relative to the base between a closed at-rest configuration and an open usage configuration; a dish mounted movable relative to the base between a storage position that it occupies in the closed at-rest position and a usage position that it occupies in the open usage configuration; and - an insert with an active face. The insert is articulated to the dish through a first joint , and the insert moves the dish from its storage position to its usage position through the first joint when the lid moves from its closed at-rest configuration to its open usage configuration.
The present invention relates to a method for making up the skin comprising the step consisting in subjecting a foundation composition comprising a pigment, preferably an iron oxide, applied to the skin to a chemical and/or energy stimulus so as to create a pattern that reproduces the appearance of irregularities in the relief and/or colour of the skin.
The present invention relates to a process for making up the skin, including the step that consists in forming, on a deposit of a foundation composition applied to the skin, a discontinuous deposit of islets of corrective composition and/or a deposit of corrective composition including visible substances that give it an inhomogeneous appearance, said corrective composition having optical properties that locally modify the appearance of the makeup so as to create a pattern reproducing the appearance of skin relief and/or colour heterogeneities. 
The present invention relates to a lip makeup kit, a cosmetic product applicator for lips, the uses thereof and the lip makeup method using same. More specifically, the present invention relates to a makeup kit for decorating the lips with a plurality of different colors and/or appearances.
The present invention relates to a lip makeup kit, a cosmetic product applicator for lips, the uses thereof and the lip makeup method using same. The present invention relates to a makeup kit for decorating the lips with a plurality of different colors and/or appearances and comprising a cosmetic product particularly comprising an aqueous composition and an oily composition.
The device for packaging and application of a cosmetic product in the form of a solid piece, the device includes: a tubular casing having a central axis and an opening at an axial end; at least one flap , free to move with respect to the tubular casing between a position of sealing the opening and a position of opening the opening ; a support on which the cosmetic product piece is fixed, free to move axially with respect to the tubular casing between a retracted position in the tubular casing and a usage position in which the cosmetic product piece projects from the tubular casing through the opening ; a mechanism for driving the flap between its sealing position and its opening position, the mechanism for driving the flap including an actuator intended to generate a first movement tending to move the flap toward its opening position and a first kinematic chain for transmitting said first movement to the flap . The first kinematic chain is arranged so that the first movement generated by the actuator is transmitted to the flap without passing through the support .
The device has a flexible connection portion connecting a gripping portion and an application portion , where the portions form a single-piece part. The flexible connection portion is extended according to a longitudinal axis over length ranging between 0.5 cm and 2.5 cm. The flexible connection portion comprises an outer envelope surface including two straight lines parallel to the axis and radially opposite to each other with respect to the longitudinal axis. A compacted solid or pulverulent product bar is fixed at the application portion. An independent claim is also included for a method for applying a cosmetic product. 
The present invention relates to a cosmetic item, in particular a false nail, comprising a base portion to be attached to a surface for receiving said materials, and a top portion to be attached onto the base portion, in which the base portion and/or the top portion have at least two longitudinal ribs configured to engage with two corresponding grooves of the other part in order to retain the top portion on the base portion while enabling the top portion to slide over the base portion .
This method comprises the supply of an insert and the attaching of a flexible tip onto the insert . The step of attaching includes the pouring of a product intended to form a foam on the insert and the cross-linking of the product intended to form a foam on the insert in order to forma a foam block.
Applicator brush comprising: -a bundle of bristles, and -a moulded stem having an elongate cross section at least along a part of its length, the stem comprising a housing moulded in one piece with the stem, in which the bundle of bristles is fixed and which opens at a distal end of the stem through an opening having a cross section without axial symmetry about the longitudinal axis of the housing, at least one cross section of the housing as moulded, defining at least one dihedron which is open towards the inside and/or at least one dihedron which is open towards the outside of said housing. 
The invention relates to a device for packaging and applying a cosmetic product , comprising a container that defines an internal volume intended to hold the cosmetic product , said container having at least one flexible wall or ) and being provided with an opening , and an applicator intended to be fitted on the container and having a grasping means located on the outside of the container and an applicator means inserted at least partially into the container through the opening when the applicator is fitted on the container . According to the invention, the device has a non-deformable hollow insert fixed to the container and extending into the internal volume of said container , said hollow insert having a passage, leading into the opening , for the introduction of the applicator means , and at least one orifice leading into the container , such that the applicator means is positioned in the hollow insert and in contact with the product when the applicator is fitted on the container .
Packaging device for a cosmetic article and associated method. The invention relates to a device for packaging a cosmetic article , comprising: - a base in which an internal storage compartment is formed, the internal storage compartment being intended to hold a cosmetic article; - a lid mounted movable relative to the base between a closed at-rest configuration and an open usage configuration; a dish mounted movable relative to the base between a storage position that it occupies in the closed at-rest position and a usage position that it occupies in the open usage configuration; and - an insert with an active face. The insert is articulated to the dish through a first joint , and the insert moves the dish from its storage position to its usage position through the first joint when the lid moves from its closed at-rest configuration to its open usage configuration. 
The device has a container containing a cosmetic product i.e. mascara and including an orifice . A body accommodating the container includes an access passage to the container. The container is movably mounted in the body between an access position in which the orifice of the container is arranged facing the access passage to the container, and a closed position in which the orifice of the container is closed by the body. An actuating element moves the container from the closed position to the access position. An independent claim is also included for a method of dispensing a cosmetic product. 
The applicator has a grip portion , and a rod including a brush at a distal end. A motor rotates the rod, where the motor is housed within the grip portion. A permanent magnet is connected to the rod, and another permanent magnet is connected to the motor, where the permanent magnets are coaxially arranged and coupled magnetically. The motor drives a guide shaft supporting the latter permanent magnet, where the guide shaft includes a distal portion intended to engage in a housing of the rod. An independent claim is also included for a device for packaging and distributing a cosmetic product. 
The present invention relates to a process for non-therapeutic treatment of human keratinous substances or mucous membranes, comprising the step consisting in transferring onto human keratinous substances or mucous membranes packets, preferably droplets , of a composition , held by capillary action or otherwise in cavities in a support , by putting said support in contact with keratinous substances or mucous membranes and/or by ejecting said packets, preferably said droplets, from the support by mechanical action. 
The device has a peripheral surface comprising small barbs that is placed in a non-regular manner within a surrounding surface. Each of the small barbs has a dimension greater than 0.8 mm. Each of the small barbs has a form and/or collecting properties and/or properties for releasing a cosmetic product on the skin of a user. Each of the small barbs allows creation of a pattern on the skin, where an aspect of the pattern is related to arrangement of the small barbs on the peripheral surface. The barbs are covered with regard to the surrounding surface. Independent claims are also included for the following: a cosmetic assembly a method for performing make-up on the skin. 
The present invention relates to a lip makeup kit, a cosmetic product applicator for lips, the uses thereof and the lip makeup method using same. More specifically, the present invention relates to a makeup kit for decorating the lips with a plurality of different colors and/or appearances. 
The present invention relates to a lip makeup kit, a cosmetic product applicator for lips, the uses thereof and the lip makeup method using same. The present invention relates to a makeup kit for decorating the lips with a plurality of different colors and/or appearances and comprising a cosmetic product particularly comprising an aqueous composition and an oily composition. 
The method involves realizing coloring of hair samples of individual by using reference coloring compositions. Coloring results obtained from each of reference coloring composition are compared with coloring results obtained with same coloring compositions on reference hair wicks. A color obtained by coloring the hairs of the individual by a predefined coloring composition is predicted from a conversion chart associating the colors corresponding to a large number of coloring compositions e.g. oxidation coloring compositions, for reference hair wicks. 
The device has a container including two compartments containing two cosmetic products , respectively. A dispensing system continuously varies the proportion of one product relative to the other product during the dispensing of the mixture of the products, where the mixture of the products is distributed through a dispensing orifice . A lever is operable by a user to act on the dispensing system during dispensing of the mixture, where the dispensing system is arranged to reverse the proportion of the products in the mixture. An independent claim is also included for a method for dispensing a mixture of cosmetic products. 
Method for producing a shading on the hair, comprising the stage consisting in: subjecting an amount of a composition capable of exhibiting a variation in its hair dyeing or bleaching power under the effect of a chemical and/or energy stimulus to the said stimulus, so as to obtain at least two fractions of the said amount each having a hair dyeing or bleaching power distinct from that of the other fraction, the composition being subjected to the stimulus before or after it is brought into contact with the hair and the composition producing, after exposure to the said stimulus and being brought into contact with the hair, a shaded dyeing or bleaching. 
The present invention relates to a cosmetic device comprising: a support and a composition, carried by the support, for dyeing or bleaching the hair, said composition having a formulation that varies depending on the position on the support, so as to allow shaded dyeing or bleaching to be produced on the hair by transfer. 
The method involves evolving coloring or bleaching property of hair with a composition in a pre-defined manner so as to obtain an evolution of the property of the composition along the hair after contacting the composition with the hair. A gradient of coloring or bleaching on the hair is obtained. Formulation of the composition is modified. An outlet distributing the composition is moved in a motorized manner relative to a hair lock or with a support to be applied to the hair lock during the distribution of the composition. An independent claim is also included for a system for obtaining a coloring or bleaching in gradient on hair. 
The method involves applying a hair composition on a hair of a wick for dyeing or bleaching the hair and obtaining colored or bleached hair layers. The complete parts of the wick are treated by a treated unit and protected by a protection unit. The hair composition application process is repeated for another hair of the wick. The protection unit is provided in form of a pulverulent i.e. fibrous composition, where average size of the particles in the pulverulent composition preferably lies between 5 and 500 micrometer. An independent claim is also included for a cosmetic assembly for treating hair of a wick. 
The device for packaging and application of a cosmetic product in the form of a solid piece, the device includes: a tubular casing having a central axis and an opening at an axial end; at least one flap , free to move with respect to the tubular casing between a position of sealing the opening and a position of opening the opening ; a support on which the cosmetic product piece is fixed, free to move axially with respect to the tubular casing between a retracted position in the tubular casing and a usage position in which the cosmetic product piece projects from the tubular casing through the opening ; a mechanism for driving the flap between its sealing position and its opening position, the mechanism for driving the flap including an actuator intended to generate a first movement tending to move the flap toward its opening position and a first kinematic chain for transmitting said first movement to the flap . The first kinematic chain is arranged so that the first movement generated by the actuator is transmitted to the flap without passing through the support . 
The device has an intermediate body and a cosmetic product cup jointly movable along a longitudinal axis relative to a cover between a retracted position inside the cavity and an extraction position. The cup is movable relative to the body from the extraction position to an extracted position to access a cosmetic product . A driving unit has a rotary actuating unit mounted rotatably about an axis perpendicular to the longitudinal axis and comprising an actuation area engaged with a path integrated to the cup. The driving unit translationally drives the cup between the retracted and extraction positions. An independent claim is also included for a method for using a cosmetic product. 
A cosmetic method for temporary modification of an appearance of a contour of an eye is disclosed. The cosmetic method comprises placing an aesthetic prosthesis at least on a hollow portion of an upper eyelid. The hollow portion is situated close to a medial canthus. The placing includes visually and/or physically filling at least a portion of the hollow portion with at least a first portion of the aesthetic prosthesis. An aesthetic filler prosthesis and a kit for an aesthetic filler prosthesis are also disclosed. 
The present invention relates to an element for the application of fibres to human keratinous fibres, comprising fibres held together in a predefined way by first joining means and second joining means , spaced apart from one another, along a given fibre , said first joining means comprising an adhesive composition in liquefiable solid form, the liquefying of said composition on application making it possible for at least a part of the fibres to come into adherent contact with said keratinous fibres, and the length of the fibres being between 3 and 40 mm.
The present invention relates to a multi-compartment device or kit for dyeing keratinous fibres, in particular human keratinous fibres, such as the hair, comprising a first compartment including a dyeing composition comprising one or more oxidation dyes and one or more alkaline agents and a second compartment including a composition comprising one or more oxidizing agents; the said device also comprising one or more self-foaming agents having a boiling point of at least 1° C. present in at least one of the compositions and/or . The invention also relates to a ready-for-use self-foaming dyeing composition and to a method for dyeing keratinous fibres employing this composition. 
The device has a container containing a cosmetic product, a drying unit , and an applicator comprising a rotary application unit i.e. mascara brush. The application unit has a longitudinal axis that is not parallel to longitudinal axis of the device. The applicator is arranged interdependent of the container and located apart from the container. Movement of the application unit between a storage configuration and a usage configuration is accompanied by crossing of the application unit by the drying unit. An independent claim is also included for a method for performing make-up of human keratinous matter. 
This applicator comprises a first body , formed by a first molded part, which first body comprising a first primary row of projecting elements and a second primary row of projecting elements, the first primary row being angularly spaced apart from the second primary row with respect to an axis of the body . It comprises a second body comprising a first secondary row of projecting elements , arranged between the first primary row and the second primary row , with the second body being applied against the first body between the first primary row and the second primary row . The second body is made of a second molded part assembled on the first body after molding thereof. 
The applicator i.e. brush has a core extending along a longitudinal axis , where the core includes two branches of a wire folded onto itself and twisted together to define turns. Bristles are held between the turns of the core, and a tip defining a distal end of the applicator is crossed by the wire of the core. The tip includes a passage in which the wire of the core penetrates, where the wire of the core is engaged with force through the tip, and the tip is molded on the wire of the core. Independent claims are also included for the following: a device for applying a cosmetic product to the eyelashes and/or eyebrows a method for making up the eyelashes and/or eyebrows with a device for applying a cosmetic product a method for manufacturing an applicator. 
The device has a container defining an interior volume to receive a cosmetic product e.g. mascara. The container comprises a flexible wall , and is provided with an opening . An indeformable hollow insert is fixed at the container, where the insert extends into the interior volume of the container. The opening emerges into the container such that an application unit e.g. mascara brush, is positioned in the insert and in contact with the product. The flexible wall is provided in an undeformed position by elasticity when no pressure is exerted on the wall. 
This applicator comprises an application surface , the application surface having a central region and a peripheral contour line analogous to the contour of the lips of a human being. The central region and the peripheral line being intended to receive the cosmetic product. The peripheral line comprises preferred means for application of the cosmetic product on the lips of the user for applying, opposite the peripheral line , a surface mass of cosmetic product that is greater than the surface mass applied opposite the central region .
The method involves providing a record of a contour of lips of a user. A corrected contour of an application surface of an applicator is calculated based on the identified basic contour and corrective equation of the contour. The identified basic contour is extended along an axis of lengthening between axial ends , where the height of the corrected contour is lower than that of the identified basic contour in vicinity of the axial ends of the contour. A coordinate of a point of the contour is obtained. Independent claims are also included for the following: a method for producing an applicator a method for applying makeup on lips of a use. 
The present invention relates to a cosmetic item, in particular a false nail, comprising a base portion to be attached to a surface for receiving said materials, and a top portion to be attached onto the base portion, in which the base portion and/or the top portion have at least two longitudinal ribs configured to engage with two corresponding grooves of the other part in order to retain the top portion on the base portion while enabling the top portion to slide over the base portion . 
Disclosed is an applicator for applying a cosmetic product to the eyelashes or eyebrows, including: a stem extending along a longitudinal axis; an applicator member located at a distal end of the stem, that includes: a core extending along a longitudinal axis, bristles connected to the core, defining an envelope surface, the applicator member having a proximal part and a distal part; the envelope surface having a notch with a profile, as seen in longitudinal section, that is not symmetrical with respect to any plane perpendicular to the longitudinal axis of the core; and the envelope surface having, in the proximal part, a variable cross section that decreases in size towards the distal part, the largest transverse dimension of the envelope surface in the distal part being smaller than the largest transverse dimension of the envelope surface in the proximal part. 
This method comprises the supply of an insert and the attaching of a flexible tip onto the insert . The step of attaching includes the pouring of a product intended to form a foam on the insert and the cross-linking of the product intended to form a foam on the insert in order to forma a foam block. 
The device has a container for containing a product e.g. lipstick, and an applicator unit e.g. brush. A wiper unit is fixed to the container for wiping the applicator unit. The wiper unit has an undulating wiper lip comprising a free edge. A set of undulations of the wiper lip undulates to non-zero distance from the free edge. The lip extends along a cone converging toward bottom of the container for generating an angle with an X-axis of the applicator unit, where the angle is less than or equal to 45 degrees. 
The device according to the invention comprises a base defining, on the inside thereof, a compartment for receiving a cosmetic article and a movable panel , the movable panel being movably mounted, relative to the base , between a closed rest configuration, and an open use configuration. The device comprises an insert having an active surface and a surface opposite the active surface . The device includes a mechanism for turning over the insert relative to the movable panel , which is suitable for moving the insert during the movement of the movable panel with respect to the base , in order move the insert from a storage position to a use position. The active surface is oriented toward the movable panel in the storage position, and is oriented away from the movable panel in the open configuration.
The invention relates to a device for packaging and applying a cosmetic product , comprising a container that defines an internal volume intended to hold the cosmetic product , said container having at least one flexible wall or ) and being provided with an opening , and an applicator intended to be fitted on the container and having a grasping means located on the outside of the container and an applicator means inserted at least partially into the container through the opening when the applicator is fitted on the container . According to the invention, the device has a non-deformable hollow insert fixed to the container and extending into the internal volume of said container , said hollow insert having a passage, leading into the opening , for the introduction of the applicator means , and at least one orifice leading into the container , such that the applicator means is positioned in the hollow insert and in contact with the product when the applicator is fitted on the container . 
The present invention relates to an element for the application of fibers on human keratinous fibers, comprising fibers held together in a predefined way by a liquefiable adhesive in the solid form, the liquefying of the adhesive on application making it possible for at least a portion of the fibers to separate from the element. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system includes a packaging and dispensing device including one or more compositions on the basis of which a product is delivered, an adjustment system coupled or able to be coupled to the packaging and dispensing device, making it possible to modify the amount dispensed and/or at least one property of the product dispensed by the packaging and dispensing device, an electronic means for executing a program and acting automatically on the adjustment system, or for indicating to the user an action to be exerted on the adjustment system, to make the adjustment evolve in the course of the use of the device, the program determining the evolution of the adjustment as a function at least of a quantity representative of the number of uses of said device or of the amount of said product or of at least one of said compositions and already dispensed. 
The present invention, relates to a device for dispensing a cosmetic product, is particular a perfume, comprising: - at least one reservoir containing a product to be dispensed, in particular a plurality of reservoirs containing respective products to be dispensed at the same time, - at least one additional reservoir containing a rinsing fluid, - w inlet chamber that communicates with an outlet orifice , the product or products and the rinsing Quid being delivered into the inlet chamber prior to being outlet through the outlet orifice, the device being configured such that the rinsing fluid delivered into the inlet chamber pushes the product or products present therein towards the outlet. 
The present invention relates to an element for the application of fibres to human keratinous fibres, comprising fibres held together in a predefined way by first joining means and second joining means , spaced apart from one another, along a given fibre , said first joining means comprising an adhesive composition in liquefiable solid form, the liquefying of said composition on application making it possible for at least a part of the fibres to come into adherent contact with said keratinous fibres, and the length of the fibres being between 3 and 40 mm. 
The system has an applicator including an application member e.g. brush, for applying a product or stimulus energy on human keratin materials e.g. hair, where an auto focus color camera is secured to the applicator during use. A display device e.g. LCD, receives images from the camera for displaying a magnified image of an area treated with the applicator in realtime, where additional information intended to guide a user in handling of the applicator is displayed along with the image obtained by the camera. An independent claim is also included for a method for making up human keratin materials. 
A cosmetic method for temporary modification of an appearance of a contour of an eye is disclosed. The cosmetic method comprises placing an aesthetic prosthesis at least on a hollow portion of an upper eyelid. The hollow portion is situated close to a medial canthus. The placing includes visually and/or physically filling at least a portion of the hollow portion with at least a first portion of the aesthetic prosthesis. An aesthetic filler prosthesis and a kit for an aesthetic filler prosthesis are also disclosed. 
The applicator has an application component carried by a rod, and provided with a support having a rectilinear inner arm and a rectilinear outer arm , where the support is formed as a single piece. The application component has an applicator part partially engaged between the inner and outer arms. The applicator part is extended, on a portion of its length where the applicator part is engaged between the inner and outer arms, all around the inner arm. The applicator part is made of elastomer material, or is formed by foam, felt or ceramic sleeve. An independent claim is also included for a device for applying a product on eyelashes and/or eyebrows.
The present invention relates to a method of manufacturing an article to be applied to the human body, comprising the following steps: digital acquisition of 3D contour data from the region on which the article needs to be applied; producing a mould using the 3D data and a numerical-control manufacturing machine; applying to the mould a coating intended to form the article; and at least partially cutting out the coating to the format of the article. 
The method involves determining position of a hand or a hand part , for assistance to the treatment of hair, relative to scalp or a fake head, using a positioning system. Information is delivered to a user using a positioning system based on the positioning of the hand or the hand part, where the information regarding action is carried out on hair and/or controls the hand part to carry out preset action e.g. action of application of product such as make-up product for hair, on the hair. An independent claim is also included for a treatment or assistance system for treatment of hair for implementation of treating or assisting process, comprising a database. 
The article has an adhesive layer allowing fixation of the article on a nail or an artificial nail. A woven material layer is made from woven material comprising even arrangement of different or identical fibers having different or identical diameter lesser than 2mm, where the fibers are chosen from natural fibers, synthetic fibers and artificial fibers. The adhesive layer is made of adhesive material such as adhesive polymer or acrylic polymer emulsion. A transparent layer e.g. polymeric layer, has a contrast ratio lesser than 50. Independent claims are also included for the following: a sealed conditioning case for an article a method for make-up of nails or artificial nails a method for preparing nail or artificial nail make-up article. 
The present invention relates to a method of applying makeup to human keratinous fibers, in particular the eyelashes, said method comprising the steps consisting in: a) applying on said fibers, an adhesive first composition that forms a discontinuous deposit on the fibers; and b) applying on the fibers coated in this way, a second composition in the loose powder state.
The present invention relates to a device for applying a cosmetic composition to the eyelashes or to the eyebrows, and/or for adding finishing touches to makeup, said device comprising: ° an applicator member , comprising: ° a helical core that is made, at least in part, by molding plastics material; and · at least one applicator element that is carried by the core and that projects relative to the core ; ° a control member ; and ° a transmission member that is connected to the control member and that extends, at least in part, inside the core , said transmission member causing the core to deform when it is subjected to movement relative to at least one portion of the core , under the effect of the user actuating the control member . 
The applicator has an applicator member comprising a molded support carrying applicator elements e.g. teeth, over a length , and including three branches carrying the applicator elements. A magnetic additional element including a twisted-core brush is fitted inside the support, and comprises another length that is greater than or equal to half of the former length. The additional element provides large transverse dimension that is greater than or equal to one third of another large transverse dimension of the support. An independent claim is also included for a method for applying makeup to eyelashes. 
The device has a gripping part fixed on a container , where a visual reference mark is utilized to position the device in a predefined manner with respect to a user during the use of the device. A processing unit i.e. application body , is in contact with human keratotic materials. A driving system drives the processing unit along predefined movement relative to the gripping part, where a sensor is sensitive to orientation of the device with respect to vertical and/or to relative positioning of the device with respect to the user. An independent claim is also included for a method for processing a make-up of an eyelash. 
The element has a flexible ribbed support for carrying a liquefiable adhesive i.e. hot-melt adhesive. Colored fibers are held together in a predefined way by the liquefiable adhesive in a solid form, where the liquefying of the adhesive makes a part of the fibers to be separated from the element. The length of the fibers is greater than or equal to 4 mm. The adhesive comprises a fatty substance chosen from hydrocarbon oils or silicone oils. The adhesive comprises a coloring agent, and form a self-supporting sheet. Independent claims are also included for the following: a kit comprising an application device a cosmetic treatment method. 
The invention relates to a method for producing a unit for applying a cosmetic product, the application unit comprising a support having a fixing site onto which there is molded a mass of cosmetic product. According to the invention, the method is characterized in that the cosmetic product is injection-molded onto the support. The invention also relates to an application unit obtained by such a method. 
The applicator has application elements i.e. teeth, carried by a single-strand core i.e. tubular sleeve, and projected with respect to the core towards exterior of an application unit . A drive system is rotationally movable with respect to a rod and coupled with the core in a site far away from another site such that the rotational displacement of the system with respect to the rod causes passage of the core from one configuration to another configuration. An orientation of the core is coaxial to a longitudinal axis of the rod irrespective of the displacement of the system. 
An applicator for applying a product to the eyelashes and/or the eyebrows including: a first application member including a first untwisted core, notably at least partially or even entirely made of synthetic material, and first application elements, a second application member including a second core twisted over at least a portion of the length of the first application member and second application elements supported by the second core, the first application member having, over at least a portion of its length, a spiralling induced by the twisting of the second core on the first application member. 
The device has a support fixed on a heating end in a removable manner, where fibers are arranged in a predefined manner and are connected to the support by flowable adhesive i.e. thermofusible adhesive. The fibers are regrouped by packages on the support. The length of the fibers are greater than or equal to 4 mm. The flowable adhesive comprises surfactant i.e. silicone surfactant, and comprises fatty acid comprising hydrocarbon or silicone oil. The flowable adhesive is selected from copolymer of alkene and vinyl acetate e.g. copolymer of ethylene and vinyl acetate, copolymer of ethylene and octane, polyvinyl acetate homopolymer, silicone resin such as polyphenylsiloxane, sequenced ethylene copolymers formed from monomers selected from alkyl methacrylate and/or alkyl acrylate, styrene butadiene copolymer, and/or a copolymer obtained by condensation of diethylene glycol, cyclohexanedimethanol, isophthalic acid and sulfoisophthalic acid. An independent claim is also included for a cosmetic treatment method. 
#CMT# #/CMT# The device has an elastically deformable traction part comprising two adhesive portions spaced from one another along traction direction . A non-stretchable and non-elastomeric unballasting part is arranged on a side of the traction part in contact with the skin, and exerts traction on the skin, where the traction exerted on the skin is null or lower than traction exerted by the traction part. The unballasting part comprises an adhesive zone for adhering the unballasting part to the skin. #CMT# : #/CMT# An independent claim is also included for a method for cosmetic treatment of a skin. #CMT#USE : #/CMT# Device for exerting traction on a skin of a body part of an older people to modify appearance of the skin of the body part. Use include but are not limited to face, neck, cheeks, eyes, bust, belly, arms, legs, top of knee and contour of calf. #CMT#ADVANTAGE : #/CMT# The non-stretchable and non-elastomeric unballasting part arranged on the side of the traction part exerts the traction on the skin while eliminating constraints appearing in periphery of the traction part, thus reducing formation and visibility of undesirable folds, and hence modifying appearance of the skin of the body part. #CMT#DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS : #/CMT# The drawing shows a cross-sectional view of a traction exerting device. X : Traction direction 10 : Traction exerting device 11 : Elastically deformable traction part 12 : Non-stretchable and nonelastomeric unballasting part. 
Cosmetic treatment of the skin, comprises pretreating skin to change its stiffness and/or behavior using an adhesive and/or its adhesive properties, and applying a film on the skin, where the film adheres to the skin, and partially covers the area of pretreated or positioned adjacent to it. 
The device has a traction part arranged to exert traction according to a traction direction . The traction part comprises three adhesive zones alternating with non-adhesive or less adhesive zones along a traction direction. The traction part comprises a set of adhesive segments lengthened along a direction perpendicular to the traction direction. The traction part comprises a succession of small adhesive blocks in the traction direction and a direction perpendicular to the traction direction. An independent claim is also included for a method for performing cosmetic treatment to decrease an appearance of wrinkles and folds of a skin. 
A method of making up keratinous material with light-sensitive makeup, the method including applying on keratinous material a photochromic composition including a thermally stable photochromic agent in the already at least partially developed state. 
A treatment method for treating human keratinous material, the method including: a) projecting an image onto a zone to be treated; b) modifying the content and/or adjusting the projected image; and c) cosmetically treating the zone as a function of the image as modified and/or adjusted in this way. 
A method of making up a zone of a subject with light-sensitive makeup, said zone being coated with a thermally stable photochromic composition, the method including forming an image on the thermally stable photochromic composition using an electronic addressable matrix imager. 
Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises applying base layer of composition containing optical agent capable to form shielding against wavelength temporarily and applying photorevelation composition by exposing to radiation Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises: applying a base layer of a first composition containing at least one optical agent capable to form shielding against wavelength lambda temporarily; and applying a thermally stable second photorevelation composition by exposing to a radiation of wavelengths lambda , on the base layer. An independent claim is included for a set comprising, within the same package: the first composition to be applied to keratin materials, to form a base layer, containing at least one optical agent capable to form shielding against wavelength lambda belonging to the interval of 280-440 nm, preferably 320-440 nm, where the first composition comprises a non-photostable solar filter having a photostability index of = 80%; and thermally stable second photorevelation composition to apply the base layer.
Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises applying a heat stable photorevelation composition comprising e.g. photorevelation agent on the materials by UV radiation, and non -uniformly exposing the composition layer by UV radiation Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises: applying a heat stable photorevelation composition comprising a photorevelation agent and optical filtering agent by UV radiation, on the human keratin materials; and non-uniformly exposing the composition layer by UV radiation for exciting photorevelation agent and carrying out a photo makeup, where the filtering power against the solar UV radiation is >= 2. Independent claims are included for: a heat stable photorevelation composition comprising: photorevelable agent can be revealed by UV radiation exposure; and an optical agent forming shielding against UV radiation, where an amount sufficient for the filtering power of the composition against the solar UV radiation is >= 3; and a kit for carrying out the photo makeup comprising: heat stable photorevelable composition; and an irradiator capable of delivering UV radiation.
Photo makeup of human keratin materials comprises applying photorevelation composition comprising photorevelation agent on keratin materials, exposing to radiation, performing photo makeup and covering composition by photo protective layer Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises: applying a first heat stable photorevelation composition comprising a photorevelation agent, which is revealed under a lambda radiation effect, on the keratin materials; exposing the first composition to the radiation to reveal the photorevelation agent and carrying out a photo makeup; and covering at least temporarily and at least partially the heat stable photorevelation composition before or after its exposure to the radiation, by a photo protective layer. Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises: applying a first heat stable photorevelation composition comprising a photorevelation agent, which is revealed under a lambda radiation effect, on the keratin materials; exposing the first composition to the radiation to reveal the photorevelation agent and carrying out a photo makeup; and covering at least temporarily and at least partially the heat stable photorevelation composition before or after its exposu re to the radiation, by a photo protective layer, where the radiation exposure takes place through the photo protective layer, which is applied before exposing the heat stable photorevelation composition to the radiation to carry out the
Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises applying photodevelopable composition on the treatment zone, irradiating the zone with light and modifying the characteristics of the radiation to attain the desired appearance Photo makeup of human keratin materials, comprises: applying a heat stable photodevelopable composition on the treatment zone; irradiating the zone with light to gradually reveal or obliterate the photodevelopable composition; and interrupting and/or modifying the characteristics of the radiation to attain the desired appearance. Independent claims are included for: a kit comprising: either irradiator to illuminate a thermally stable photodevelopable composition on a treatment area, and a simulation means for simulating during the evolution irradiation of the appearance of photo makeup; or irradiator to carry out photo makeup; and control means to automatically control the irradiator in accordance with at least one data acquisition from the treated zone during the photo makeup, preferably observation of the treated zone by an optic acquisition device.
Liquid product e.g. care or makeup product, conditioning and applying device, has application member with distribution orifices that are configured to open when product in upstream is set under pressure and to close when pressure decreases The device has a container containing a liquid product, and a rotative application member comprising distribution orifices configured to open when the product in upstream is set under sufficient pressure and to close when the pressure decreases. Diameter of the orifices ranges between 0.4 and 0.6 mm. The application member rotates between an upright and another upright of applicator head. An inner conduit supplies the product to the application member, where the application member has a smooth outer surface. An independent claim is also included for a method for manufacturing a liquid product conditioning and applying device.
A cosmetic or dermatological system includes a packaging and dispensing device including one or more compositions on the basis of which a product is delivered, an adjustment system coupled or able to be coupled to the packaging and dispensing device, making it possible to modify the amount dispensed and/or at least one property of the product dispensed by the packaging and dispensing device, an electronic means for executing a program and acting automatically on the adjustment system, or for indicating to the user an action to be exerted on the adjustment system, to make the adjustment evolve in the course of the use of the device, the program determining the evolution of the adjustment as a function at least of a quantity representative of the number of uses of said device or of the amount of said product or of at least one of said compositions and already dispensed. 
A method of cosmetically modifying the appearance of the outline of the eye, the method including the step consisting in applying at least one patch on the movable upper eyelid, the application face of the patch having a predefined non-plane shape with multi-directional curvature, or at least one patch made of a material suitable for responding to stress by deforming in non-elastic manner as to take up multi-directional curvature on the eyelid and conserve the curvature when the stress ceases. 
The applicator has an application component carried by a rod, and provided with a support having a rectilinear inner arm and a rectilinear outer arm , where the support is formed as a single piece. The application component has an applicator part partially engaged between the inner and outer arms. The applicator part is extended, on a portion of its length where the applicator part is engaged between the inner and outer arms, all around the inner arm. The applicator part is made of elastomer material, or is formed by foam, felt or ceramic sleeve. An independent claim is also included for a device for applying a product on eyelashes and/or eyebrows. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system includes a packaging and dispenser device containing one or more compositions from which the dispensed preparation is prepared, a surroundings sensor that is suitable for delivering at least information associated with a physical magnitude of the surrounding environment of the device, an adjustment system that is coupled to or suitable for coupling to the packaging and dispenser device, and that enables at least one characteristic of the dispensed preparation to be varied, and a processor for automatically controlling the adjustment system as a function of data delivered by the surroundings sensor or for informing the user, as a function of the data, about an action to be exerted on the adjustment system. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system including a handheld packaging and dispenser device including one or more compositions from which a preparation to be delivered in a fluid form suitable for an application onto skin, mucous membranes or keratinous fibers, an internal clock and/or a clock data receiver, an adjustment system coupled to or suitable for being coupled to the packaging and dispenser device, enabling at least one property of the preparation dispensed by the packaging and dispenser device to be modified, and a processor for controlling the adjustment system, the controlling based on at least of clock data delivered by the internal clock and/or the clock data receiver, or for informing the user, at least as a function of the clock data, of an action to be taken on the adjustment system. 
A method of making up human keratinous material, the method including: acquiring at a first location and storing a starting image and/or starting relief of keratinous material; and reproducing on keratinous material of the same type an image for reproduction and/or relief for reproduction corresponding to the starting image and/or relief, possibly after performing processing, the image and/or relief for reproduction being reproduced at a second location that is different from the first location. 
A method of making up the skin or the lips, the method including measuring at least one optical characteristic at least one location of the skin or the lips; and automatically forming on the skin or lips a deposit that has an optical characteristic that varies and that corresponds substantially at said location, to the measured optical characteristic. 
The present invention provides a method of making up human keratinous material, the method comprising: taking at least two measurements of an optical characteristic of said keratinous material at different locations; and applying a composition to the keratinous material, the composition modifying a characteristic of the appearance of said keratinous material so as to give it an optical characteristic intermediate between the measured optical characteristics. 
A device for applying a cosmetic composition on human keratinous material, the device comprising: a non-colorimetric detection system; an application system for applying the composition to keratinous material, comprising a reservoir containing the cosmetic composition; and a processor unit for controlling the application system as a function at least of data received from the detection system. 
The process involves bringing an extraction portion of a substrate in contact with a skin/hair in a treatment zone of a portable treatment system so as to take care of fatty substances present on the skin. The substrate is cleaned relative to a gripping part by aspiration, propulsion of a fluid on the substrate, stretching/ compression of the substrate, set in contact of the substrate with an extraction material, thermolysis, photolysis, oxidation/reduction treatment, so as to bring a new portion of the substrate in the zone and to start the cleaning stage again. The extraction material has greater affinity for the fatty substances than the substrate. The fatty substance is a sebum. An INDEPENDENT CLAIM is also included for a portable treatment system of skin or hair, comprising a gripping part. 
A method of treating keratinous fibers, the method comprising the steps consisting in: a) shaping at least a portion of at least one keratinous fiber ; and b) exposing said portion to at least one light pulse tending to confer remanent deformation to the fiber, in particular a remanent shape corresponding to the shape to which the fiber has been put.
#CMT# #/CMT# The method involves modifying a cross-section of a portion of a human or animal keratin fiber by crushing and/or stretching of the fiber, and exposing the portion of the keratin fiber to a light pulse to provide a residual deformation to the portion of the keratin fiber, where the portion of the keratin fiber conserves the cross-section in which the fiber is drawn. The portion cross-section modifying process is carried out by exposition of the external pressure different from the atmospheric pressure. #CMT# : #/CMT# An independent claim is also included for a system for treating a portion of a human or animal keratin fiber. #CMT#USE : #/CMT# Method for treating a human or animal keratin fiber i.e. dry or sopping hair. #CMT#ADVANTAGE : #/CMT# The method enables changing the cross section of the fiber on the length portion of the keratin fiber in a durable and rapid manner without the problems of usage of the chemical compounds. #CMT#DESCRIPTION OF DRAWINGS : #/CMT# The drawing shows a schematic view of a processed keratin fiber. C : Scalp F : Human or animal keratin fiber Z : Locations. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system includes a receiver of data related to current and/or future surrounding conditions transmitted by a data transmitter external to the system, a packaging and dispenser device containing one or more compositions from which a preparation is delivered, an adjustment system that is coupled to or suitable for coupling to the packaging and dispenser device, and that enables at least one characteristic of the dispensed preparation to be varied, and a processor for automatically controlling the adjustment system as a function of the received data or for informing the user, as a function of the received data, about an action to be exerted on the adjustment system. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system includes a packaging and dispenser device containing one or more compositions from which the dispensed preparation is prepared, a surroundings sensor that is suitable for delivering at least information associated with a physical magnitude of the surrounding environment of the device, an adjustment system that is coupled to or suitable for coupling to the packaging and dispenser device, and that enables at least one characteristic of the dispensed preparation to be varied, and a processor for automatically controlling the adjustment system as a function of data delivered by the surroundings sensor or for informing the user, as a function of the data, about an action to be exerted on the adjustment system. 
A cosmetic or dermatological system including a handheld packaging and dispenser device including one or more compositions from which a preparation to be delivered in a fluid form suitable for an application onto skin, mucous membranes or keratinous fibers, an internal clock and/or a clock data receiver, an adjustment system coupled to or suitable for being coupled to the packaging and dispenser device, enabling at least one property of the preparation dispensed by the packaging and dispenser device to be modified, and a processor for controlling the adjustment system, the controlling based on at least of clock data delivered by the internal clock and/or the clock data receiver, or for informing the user, at least as a function of the clock data, of an action to be taken on the adjustment system. 
The present invention provides a method of making up human keratinous material, the method comprising: taking at least two measurements of an optical characteristic of said keratinous material at different locations; and applying a composition to the keratinous material, the composition modifying a characteristic of the appearance of said keratinous material so as to give it an optical characteristic intermediate between the measured optical characteristics. 
The method involves abrading hair using an abrasion unit, where the unit includes two opposite surfaces such as abrasive surface and non-abrasive surface , in contact with hair during the abrasion. Cosmetic treatment product is applied on the hair before, after and/or during the abrasion of hair. Abrasive particles are applied on the hair for the abrasion of hair, where the particles have hardness greater than or equal to 5 on Mohs scale. The abrasion unit is configured to project a jet of abrasive particles on the hair to realize the abrasion of the hair. An independent claim is also included for a hair treatment kit comprising an abrasion unit. 
The invention relates to a dye composition comprising a thiol/disulfide fluorescent dye comprising amino groups, and to a dyeing process which has a lightening effect on keratin materials, in particular keratin fibers, especially human keratin fibers such as the hair, using said composition. It similarly relates to novel thiol/disulfide fluorescent dyes and to uses thereof in lightening keratin materials. This composition makes it possible to obtain a particularly resistant and visible lightening effect on dark keratin fibers. 
Treatment of capillary fibers comprises applying reducing agent, rinsing, applying a cosmetic composition comprising non-/semicrystalline fixing polymer, ceroid and/or steroid, rising the temperature and applying an oxidizing agent Process of treatment of capillary fibers comprises: applying a reducing agent ; rinsing the capillary fibers; applying a cosmetic composition comprising a non-crystalline or semi-crystalline fixing polymer and/or a ceroid and/or a steroid , on the capillary fibers; rising the temperature of capillary fibers, with a heat source to 50-280[deg]C; and applying an oxidizing agent on capillary fibers.
